holiday celebrate hey everyone it is
rush me and I am in a really goofy mood
today I am in a happy mood I don't know
why I think it is because I am
celebrating a lot of things today and
the weather in st. Louis have been
perfect okay it is like 80 degrees right
now and it has been 100 degrees for week
so it is a time for celebration before I
get into this actual giveaway for
surpassing surpassing 10,000 subscribers
10,000 subscribers I just past 2,000
followers on the Twitter yeah so I feel
like celebrating that too if you are not
following me on the twitter please go
over there because i don't know why i
think maybe tonight or tomorrow I am
going to be giving away this pair of
earrings the pair of earrings is from
Aldo and so i will be giving away this
pair of earrings to celebrate passing
look how long passing two thousand
subscribers on the twitter this giveaway
is called by thank you thank you thank
you 10,000 subscribers on youtube
giveaway and I just cannot believe it I
think I might like ten thousand five
something now wow wow that is crazy and
this giveaway is sponsored by natural
hair cuties I'm Selena from natural hair
cuties contacted me and actually offered
to send me some stuff and i'm going to
show you guys what she sent me this is
the first shirt that i am keeping even
though i am not locked it is picked up
and the quality is wonderful soft and
lovely and it says locked in love and
even though i am not locked I get that
bad boy and in this bag which I
literally squealed when it came out of
the plastic
um she sent me this tote bag that says
elegant on it come on people so I am
definitely rocking this and you guys are
not about to take this bag is not okay
and this is also going this is actually
going to be one of the prizes so there
will be 4 winners there'll be 4 winners
for this giveaway and I only have one of
the prices that I will send one person
so this is the prize that I will be
sending one person it is a t-shirt it is
a size large okay it's a size large and
it says as a nice silhouette of what
looks like bantu knots and it's a guy
grows it best and that's no lie and it
looks like it's pink on the camera but
it's really rick is really easy for you
to enter first of all because i am
saying thank you to you guys I want to
hear what you guys are thankful for so
to enter this giveaway which only on
this video that you're watching right
now in the comments on YouTube nor else
can you enter this giveaway I won't even
pay attention to any other attempts to
enter anywhere else put in the comment
tell me five things you are thankful for
the second thing is go to the link that
I just put on the screen and i'll put a
link below this video in the information
box and click on that link and tell me
which products you would love to win as
your giveaway prize okay so it's that
easy you can enter as much as you want
to this giveaway is going through end
next week on august seventeenth at
believe that's a wednesday at midnight
central standard time and so yeah that's
pretty much there people like i said
there will be there be 4 winners there
will be three winners that will get
their prizes from natural hair cuties
directly and i will send one winner the
red t-shirt the red t-shirt that I
showed you guys here so that's it thank
you thank you thank you so much you guys
I'm yeah just ten ten thousand that is
absolutely crazy don't forget to enter
don't forget to go ahead
follow me on the twitter if you want to
win these earrings from although I mean
look how fabulous there's like a heart
and if there's a key with a heart and
leaves and it's all kind of random
wonderfulness hanging off there so
that's it you guys that it good luck to
everybody thank you so much